== README

Welcome to the new Snap! website and backend.

Please checkout http://snappage.herokuapp.com/snapuser to see current progress that has been
made. This page will be used as a showcase of the current progres of the website.

This GitHub Repository will be used by the UC Berkeley Snap! Development team to build the
new web Application for UC Berkeley Snap!

This app will have a backend built in Ruby, and the necessary classes can be found in app/models.
The frontend will be built using CSS, Html, Haml, and erb.

In order to help develop, please contact Kyle Hotchkiss to gain access to the Pivotal Tracker project
for the website to see the current development progress and features currently in development.

== Initial Install

To install and run locally, please initially be familiar with using Rails, Ruby, and using them in a
Development environment.

You will first need to install Homebrew, Ruby Version Manager (rvm), and Bundler (run 'gem install bundler' in order)
to be able to install all of the necessary gems.

Once you have downloaded the source files, navigate to the diretory, and in your terminal run
"bundle install --without production". This command installs all of the necessary Gems needed to
run a local version of the app. After this, running the the "rails server" command will launch the locally
running version of the app, along with the pre-seeded database. You will be able to view the web app at
"https://localhost:3000/snapuser", which is the default port for a local rails based app). From here, you will
be able to visualize the current progress that has been made.

If you have any other questions, please feel free to contact Kyle Hotchkiss or Natasha Sandy.

Thank you.


== Current Progress

As of February 23rd, 2015, the appropriate databases for setting up projects, classes, and assignments are
configured. The appropriate models for these objects are also set up, as well as the appropriate routes and
associations. A couple buttons have been added to the user's information page, allowing for them to create
a new project, and if they are a teacher, they can create a new class. The necessary views have yet to be
completed, and while the controllers for these models have the necessary functions defined, they are not
completed. Work should begin shortly in bringing these features up and running correctly.

As of February 18th, 2015, Users have the ability to log in. Logging in allows them to edit their information,
or delete their account. WARNING: Password security is not implemented.

As of February 15th, 2014, there is a working app. From the snapuser page, a directory of the current
user database (as filled by seed.rb). From here, users can view more information about the users, or
create a new user. From the details page of a user, one can choose to edit the information of a user.

This current view is going to be used as a basic example on how the Rails Framework is used and how to
generate webviews from data stored in a database. From here, we will begin adding basic log in and
authentication functionality, and start to design the proper webviews.
